[OTLP] Support larger export payloads with MaxRequestSizeBytes option (#7584)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.OpenTelemetryProtocol/CHANGELOG.md

  the serializer's per-thread state. For logs, this also leaked pooled instances.
  ([#7579](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7579))

* Added `OtlpExporterOptions.MaxExportPayloadSizeBytes` to configure the maximum
  size for the serialized payload of a single export. Raise it when exporting
  very large batches, such as metrics with very high cardinality. The default
  value is 128 MiB.

>   ([#TODO](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/TODO))

Author: ```suggestion
  ([#7584](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7584))
```

  boxing.
  ([#7645](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7645))

* Added `OtlpExporterOptions.MaxRequestSizeBytes` to configure the OTLP request
  size limit, as required by the OpenTelemetry specification. The default is the
  recommended 64 MiB. A batch whose serialized payload exceeds the limit is not
  sent and is dropped in its entirety. The maximum supported value is 256MiB.
  ([#7584](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7584))

> * **Breaking:** The maximum size of a single export request is now 64 MiB by

Reviewer: Could we say the previous effective limit was 128 MiB? The 100 MiB constant let
the 64 MiB buffer double once more, so users see 128 → 64. Also 100MiB/256MiB
vs 64 MiB spacing is inconsistent.

Author: I think on .NET Framework will allocate the exact size, so it would vary based on the TFM, but I can extend it to say that.

  maximum storage size.
  ([#7646](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7646))

* Added `OtlpExporterOptions.MaxRequestSizeBytes` to configure the OTLP request
  size limit, as required by the OpenTelemetry specification. The default is the
  recommended 64 MiB. A batch whose serialized payload exceeds the limit is not

>   sent and is dropped in its entirety. The maximum supported value is 256MiB.

Author: ```suggestion
  sent and is dropped in its entirety. The maximum supported value is 256 MiB.
```
